Separation Standards - Class D Refresh (#784)
vatpac-technology/sops: docs/separation-standards/classd.md

    <span class="hotline">**AY ADC** -> **BLA**</span>: "QLK208D, 5nm clear of DSB, thanks"

## Lateral
### Lat Sep Table

> Lateral Separation works off the basis off establishing a *Lateral Separation Point* (Lat Sep point). That is, when given an angle that 2 tracks intersect at, a distance at which lateral separation is considered to exist procedurally. These figures are detailed in the table below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When two aircraft are on intersecting tracks, lateral separation is established based on the interception angle and distance between the aircraft.

The calculation of the *lateral separation point* is tabulated below:
```
